[Music]
okay as this ever happened to you you
find yourself holding two shirts not
knowing which one to choose you take a
long time to pick one of many travel
destinations however unexpected it may
sound I have some riddles that can teach
you to make the right choice faster they
may seem simple at first but don't relax
it's just an illusion your results will
show how well you've done number one
trick or treat
a detective entered a restaurant and
witnessed a heated argument between a
waitress and a customer the waitress
claimed that the man had ordered a steak
and was now refusing to pay for it the
customer in turn denied ordering to me
saying he was trying to save money and
came an hour ago just to drink some
coffee
the waitress kept forcing the man to pay
for the steak the detective decided to
interfere he addressed the waitress you
know very well that this man couldn't
order a steak if you don't stop this
argument right now I'll have to take you
to the police station the question is
how did the detective realize the
waitress was trying to deceive the
customer you had to be very attentive to
the smallest details to crack this
riddle the clock in the wall shows the
time 6:15 p.m. but the sign claims that
you can order a hot meal only until 3:00
p.m. if the man had spent only one hour
in the restaurant he obviously came way
too late to order a steak number two a
difficult choice Thomas was a traveler
who needed to get to town Z at some
point of his journey he reached a fork
in the road he didn't know which way to
pick only one led to the town buckle II
he saw two men standing nearby the
problem was that one of them always lied
and the other always told the truth but
Thomas didn't know who was
even worse the men were quite unfriendly
and agreed to answer only one question
which question should it be the only way
to find out the right Road is to ask the
men if I ask the person standing next to
you which road led to town Z what would
his answer be the liar would point in
the wrong direction the man who always
tells the truth
would also point in the same wrong
direction this way Thomas would just
need to choose the other Road three
hidden sweets there are four cups on the
counter
all of them upturned and hiding the same
number of sweets underneath near each of
the cups there is a sign that says how
many sweets are under it the signs are
five or six seven or eight six or seven
and seven or five only one of these
signs is correct the question is how
many sweets are there under each cup
[Music]
since only one sign is correct the right
number can appear twice otherwise more
than one sign will be correct that means
that there are eight sweets under each
cup for stolen money an elderly man and
his wife lived in a big house with
several servants once the wife got ill
and the man left her $100 on the table
to buy medicines after that he left home
but when the woman was about to go to
the pharmacy she couldn't find the money
three people were under suspicion Martin
the cook who confirmed that he had seen
the money he added that he had put the
bill under a book so that it wouldn't
get blown away by the wind
Dora the housekeeper who said that she
had found this money and placed it
between pages two and three
and Gordon the gardener who stated that
he had seen the money sticking out of
the book and put it between pages 1 & 2
instead the question is who stole the
money it was Gordon pages 1 & 2 are on
the opposite sides of the same sheet you
can't put anything between them 5 a game
with coins right in the middle of a
party two guys
Eric and George started an argument the
reason for their disagreement was a
beautiful girl Blair who hosted the
party both guys liked her but she wasn't
interested in either of them to distract
the boys Blair invented a game the
winner would have a chance to go on a
date with her the rules were simple Eric
and George had to sit down at a
perfectly round table they had coins to
cover this table with the coins couldn't
overlap or hang from the side of the
table the first player had bigger
chances to win if he placed his coin
correctly the winner was the player who
covered the table with the coins first
George was confident in himself and let
Eric make his move first the question is
what strategy Eric should choose to win
Eric has to put his first coin in the
middle of the table during his every
next move he has to mirror the
competitors move this way George will
run out of room for his coins faster and
Eric will become the winner six who's
left-handed look at the picture
attentively and say which of these men
is left-handed
[Music]
it's the waiter it's easier for a
left-handed person to hold the tray in
the right hand and deal with the food
and drinks with the left dominant 1/7
memory loss Clarke got into a car
accident and lost his memory when he
came around his doctor told him that he
had two pieces of news a good and a bad
one on the bright side
Clarke was supposed to recover his
memories unfortunately not all of them
after the man was released from the
hospital he went home Clarke lived alone
and his house was equipped with an alarm
system but he had forgotten all about it
when he entered the house he unknowingly
activated the alarm and security
officers immediately arrived at his
house the only person who could switch
off the alarm was Clarke but he couldn't
remember the code after some time the
man found a note with some hints about
how to crack this code but nobody could
understand what those hints meant that's
why the security service sent in their
man Henry a specialist in codes he read
the note attentively the first password
consists of five numbers the first
number is three times bigger than the
fifth the third number is smaller than
the second by three the fourth number is
bigger than the second by four three
pairs of the numbers add up to eleven
the question is which five number code
Henry has to enter to switch off the
terribly loud alarm
the code is six five - nine - the only
way to figure it out is to use the
substitution method
this way you'll come to the conclusion
that there are only three suitable pairs
of numbers adding up to eleven and
meeting all the other requirements 6 + 5
9 + 2 + 9 + 2 8 a trapped coin you
placed a coin into an empty bottle and
plugged it tightly with a cork how do
you remove the coin without breaking the
bottle or taking out the cork you need
to push the cork into the bottle and
then shake it to make the coin fall out
9 mislabeled boxes there are three boxes
the first one contains only red balls
the second only yellow ones and the
third contains red and yellow balls all
the boxes are mislabeled and the labels
say red yellow and red and yellow you're
allowed to take just one ball from one
of the boxes after that you have to say
which color is in which box the question
is which box should you choose
[Music]
pick a ball from the box labeled red and
yellow its mislabeled and if you grab a
yellow ball you'll know that the box
labeled red must contain mixed balls
this way the container labeled in yellow
will contain only red balls you can
apply the same logic if the ball you
pull out of the mixed box is red and now
the results
I admit that these riddles were
extremely trying and needed a lot of
mental effort to crack
that's why solving even one of them
means your logic is up to the mark still
if you manage to crack three or more
riddles you have outstanding logical and
observation skills which is bound to
help you in work studies and everyday
life are you saying you cracked five or
more riddles then you're a real genius
it seems there are no unsolvable
problems for you by the way which riddle
turned out to be the hardest for you
tell me in the comments below hey I got
stuck on number six whoo hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life